About the job
Description

As a Marketing Automation Specialist, your job will be to partner with our clients to make them successful in their Marketing Automation efforts. This includes:

Executing Marketo Programs soup to nuts
Keeping up with new features and functionality
Partnering with the Client to become an extension of their team to become an invaluable resource to them.

You must have the technical aptitude and business acumen to design and implement 1:1 marketing programs to move leads through a “buyers journey”. You must be comfortable analyzing the key causes of data integrity issues (accuracy, duplication and completeness), drive processes/systems that solve these issues and communicate them with confidence to the internal team. You must be comfortable moving a strategy forward with confidence.

In return, you get an awesome opportunity to work with amazing clients (some of the fanciest in the Valley) and awesome people who love to have fun while getting stuff done! We are growing fast, which means you grow with us! We also typically have large scale ongoing engagements so you have the opportunity to really understand the client’s business first hand.

Responsibilities

Work closely with stakeholders on marketing teams to drive campaign production execution and operations
Own end-to-end management of marketing campaigns (In some cases Globally)
Design/localize, automate and optimize regional demand generation campaigns through Marketo
Data management (incl. segmentation analysis, list management and lead processes in the Salesforce (CRM)
Automate and improve data integrity operations (where possible)

When Working With Clients You Will

Develop and enhance service delivery offerings and methodologies for working with Marketo customers to increase the strategic and business value they achieve with using Marketo
Spot new services opportunities and work with sales to close new services business
Help us build Marvel Marketers into a First Class Consulting Organization

Must Haves

2-4 years experience in Marketo Software
Excellent Troubleshooting skills
Deep expertise in marketing automation processes including lead management, campaign management and online marketing
Expertise with CRM applications such as Salesforce.com
Hands-on experience with an enterprise-level Marketing Automation system (Marketo experience required)
Analytics Driven
Excellent client management skills, strong written and verbal communications, executive level presence
Strong project management and organizational skills

Nice To Haves

Previous Consulting experience is strongly preferred but not required
Marketo Certification Highly Desirable
Nurture Expertise HUGE plus

The position allows for tons of autonomy and asks for utmost professional maturity in return. Not knowing the answer is ok, not figuring it out is not. The Marketing Automation industry is new, exciting, and ever changing. The ideal candidate would not just tolerate but thrive in such ambiguous conditions. If you like new challenges, and want to work with some of the coolest companies in the world, this is right for you.

About Marvel Marketers

Marvel Marketers (www.marvelmarketers.com) is a Marketing Automation, Digital Marketing, Experience Management and ABM Consultancy. Our clients are sophisticated so we only hire the best to keep up and add value along the entire Digital Marketing Maturity Curve. We also partner strategically on custom digital marketing roles to help support all areas of our client's Digital Marketing Strategy. As we continue to grow and expand our service offerings, we are looking for the best and brightest to join our team. If you applied for a previous role, apply again! Our needs continuously change and evolve. Marvel Marketers offers a comprensive benefit package, Paid Vacation, Paid Holidays, Full Bootcamp Marketo Level 1 and Level 2 Training, Ongoing Training programs and an epic team of people to work with.

Please note: Marvel is seeking individuals authorized to work within the country the position is located at, and are not offering any immigration and/or visa sponsorship at this time

Marvel Marketers is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Supported by TalentX Staffing: We solve for X. Learn more at talentxstaffing.com.