About the job
MongoDB’s mission is to empower innovators to create, transform, and disrupt industries by unleashing the power of software and data. We enable organizations of all sizes to easily build, scale, and run modern applications by helping them modernize legacy workloads, embrace innovation, and unleash AI. Our industry-leading developer data platform, MongoDB Atlas, is the only globally distributed, multi-cloud database and is available in more than 115 regions across AWS, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Atlas allows customers to build and run applications anywhere—on premises, or across cloud providers. With offices worldwide and over 175,000 new developers signing up to use MongoDB every month, it’s no wonder that leading organizations, like Samsung and Toyota, trust MongoDB to build next-generation, AI-powered applications.

In marketing operations, we empower the marketing team to unlock the full potential of MongoDB’s product for our customers. Through data-driven strategies, efficient processes, and the proper tooling, we enable our marketers to deliver impactful campaigns that resonate with customers and prospects, driving awareness, engagement, and adoption of MongoDB’s solutions.

We are hiring for Lead, Marketing Technology. You will drive the strategy, execution, and optimization of our marketing technology stack, ensuring that our teams have the tools and infrastructure they need to deliver exceptional customer experiences and drive demand at scale. This person will need the technical understanding of marketing systems and the business acumen to build the next version of MDB tech stack.

In this role, you will collaborate closely with Marketing, Sales Ops, IT, and data teams to implement and optimize marketing technologies that improve campaign performance, enhance personalization, and drive revenue growth. You’ll be at the center of our marketing transformation, working to integrate emerging technologies with our existing platforms to build a seamless and efficient marketing ecosystem. You’ll be a member and manage a high-performing and globally distributed team dedicated to supports our business objectives and enhances our ability to engage with customers effectively.

What You’ll Do…

Strategic Leadership and Roadmap Development:

Be a sound voice in designing and developing the marketing technology roadmap, ensuring the marketing team is equipped with the best-in-class tools and platforms to achieve the company’s strategic goals
Develop and execute a data-driven marketing technology strategy that enables personalization, analytics and insights, and a unified customer view across all touchpoints
Continuously assess the effectiveness of our marketing technology stack, identifying gaps, improving efficiency, and implementing solutions to maximize ROI
Foster innovation by exploring and adopting new technologies and tools that enhance our marketing capabilities or improve internal productivity

Technology Implementation and Management:

Oversee the implementation and integration of marketing technologies (CRM, automation platforms, analytics, etc.), ensuring all tools work together seamlessly across channels
Work closely with data science and analytics teams to enable advanced segmentation, personalisation, and predictive modelling within the marketing tech stack
Drive the adoption and implementation of Integration Platform as a Service (iPaaS) solutions to connect marketing systems and automate processes
Oversee the integration and management of the data warehouse as the central hub for marketing data
Ensure all systems are integrated and data flows smoothly between touchpoints to enable a seamless omnichannel customer experience and optimise personalization
Ensure accurate data ingestion from various marketing platforms (CRM, CMS, analytics tools, etc.) into the data warehouse
Ensure all marketing technologies comply with data privacy laws and corporate governance standards. Champion best practices for data usage, management, and reporting

Collaboration and Team Leadership:

Lead and mentor a team of marketing technologists, fostering a culture of innovation, collaboration, and excellence
Promote a culture of continuous improvement and learning within the Marketing Operations Team
Work closely with the marketing, product, IT, and analytics teams to ensure marketing technologies meet the needs of each department and contribute to broader business goals

Vendor and Budget Management:

Manage the MarTech budget, ensuring cost-effective investment in platforms and tools. Negotiate with vendors to optimise contracts and SLAs
Manage relationships with external vendors and partners, ensuring optimal performance, service, and cost-effectiveness

We’re looking for someone with …

8+ years of experience in marketing technology or related roles, with at least 4 years in a leadership or management position
Proven experience leading large-scale technology implementations in a marketing environment (e.g., CRM systems, marketing automation platforms, data management platforms, CDP and IPaaS)
Strong understanding of B2B marketing principles, customer journeys, and data analytics
Experience working within a highly matrixed organisation and leading cross-functional teams
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to influence senior leaders and drive organisational change
A passion for continuous learning, innovation, and staying on top of industry trends
Proven experience managing MarTech platforms and tools (e.g., Segment, Marketo, Iterable, Workato, Salesforce, HubSpot, Google Analytics, Hightouch)
Experience working in a fast-paced, agile environment
Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Information Technology, or a related field; Master’s degree preferred

To drive the personal growth and business impact of our employees, we’re committed to developing a supportive and enriching culture for everyone. From employee affinity groups, to fertility assistance and a generous parental leave policy, we value our employees’ wellbeing and want to support them along every step of their professional and personal journeys. Learn more about what it’s like to work at MongoDB, and help us make an impact on the world!

MongoDB is committed to providing any necessary accommodations for individuals with disabilities within our application and interview process. To request an accommodation due to a disability, please inform your recruiter.

MongoDB, Inc. provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type and makes all hiring decisions without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

MongoDB’s base salary range for this role is posted below. Compensation at the time of offer is unique to each candidate and based on a variety of factors such as skill set, experience, qualifications, and work location. Salary is one part of MongoDB’s total compensation and benefits package. Other benefits for eligible employees may include: equity, participation in the employee stock purchase program, flexible paid time off, 20 weeks fully-paid gender-neutral parental leave, fertility and adoption assistance, 401(k) plan, mental health counseling, access to transgender-inclusive health insurance coverage, and health benefits offerings. Please note, the base salary range listed below and the benefits in this paragraph are only applicable to U.S.-based candidates.

MongoDB’s base salary range for this role in the U.S. is:

$104,000—$204,000 USD