Hi Replit,

I just tested the Voice Practice feature again.

Here’s what I observed:

After I finish recording my voice and hit "Complete Response," I see the message "Converting your speech to text."

Then, a Processing Error occurs, showing:

"An error occurred while processing your audio. Please try again."

This confirms:

The microphone is capturing audio ✅

The app is attempting to send audio for transcription ✅

The failure happens during the audio-to-text transcription step ❌

🛠️ Please function as a technical architect and investigate the following:
📦 1. Audio Handling Issues
Is the recorded audio properly packaged as a multipart/form-data upload for the Whisper API?

Is the file format acceptable for Whisper (must be .mp3, .mp4, .mpeg, .mpga, .m4a, .wav, or .webm)?

Is the MIME type of the file correctly set (e.g., "audio/mpeg", "audio/webm", "audio/wav")?

Potential Issue:
If the audio file is saved in an unsupported format (e.g., raw blob without MIME type), Whisper will reject it.

📦 2. Whisper API Call Validation
Is the HTTP POST request to /v1/audio/transcriptions correctly constructed?

Does the payload include:

The file (the recorded audio),

The model field (must be "whisper-1"),

(Optional) language: en to force English,

response_format: text?

Example correct form-data structure:

yaml
Copy
Edit
POST /v1/audio/transcriptions
Headers:
  Authorization: Bearer {API_KEY}
  Content-Type: multipart/form-data

Body:
  - file: (audio file)
  - model: whisper-1
  - response_format: text
  - language: en
📦 3. Error Handling
Capture and log the exact error returned from the Whisper API.

Whisper often returns specific error codes (e.g., 400 Bad Request, unsupported format) — capturing the server response will immediately show the root cause.

Please temporarily log the Whisper API response on error, not just show a generic "Processing Error."

Example:

javascript
Copy
Edit
console.error("Whisper API Error:", error.response.data);
🎯 Summary of Likely Root Causes

Problem	How to Check	Potential Fix
Audio format unsupported	Inspect audio blob/file	Convert to acceptable format
MIME type missing/wrong	Check Content-Type header	Correct MIME type
API call incorrectly structured	Inspect request payload	Follow OpenAI Whisper docs exactly
Upload exceeds size limit	Check file size	Limit max recording duration
Missing parameters in request	Check request body	Add model, response_format, language
🛠️ Success Criteria
Once fixed, after completing a voice response:

I should see the live transcription text.

The conversation should continue naturally.

No "Processing Error" popup should appear.

Thanks again — looking forward to your technical diagnosis and solution!

